README.md, before:

# Assorted LaTeX quirks and workarounds

`\inferH` (an Iris wrapper around lkproof's `infer`) needs some tricks to
support newlines. You can either use `\\\\` for a plain line break
(center-aligned), or use `\begin{aligned} ...` by wrapping the entire body in
an extra pair of curly braces.

If you have a binary operator at the end of a line (say in a big equation in an
`aligned` environment), you need to write something like `x + {} \\` so
that LaTeX inserts binary operator spacing between the `x` and the `+`.
The same goes for operators next to `&` alignment specifiers, e.g.
`x ={}& 5`.

(iris.sty-specific) References to `\inferH` will be broken if the `\inferH` is
in a `\[ \]`. Switch to `\begin{mathpar}` to fix this.

In an `align*` environment, a final newline will actually add extra whitespace
after the equation.

In a math environment, `name` will be interpreted as `n a m e`, i.e., 4
variables "multiplied" with each other. If you want this to render as a single
word, use `\mathit{name}`. You can also use `\operatorname{name}` or
`\DeclareMathOperator` (and wrap them in a command to make this more convenient
to write and read).

When writing a paper (not sure exactly which style sets this up), there's an
`\author` macro where names are separated by `\and`. If you want an explicit
line break in that list, use the following macro:

```tex
\def\andnewline{\end{tabular} \\ \begin{tabular}[t]{c}}
```

(this works because each author is actually its own `\tabular` environment;
`\and` just ends the previous environment and starts a new one)

When a macro expands to a word, LaTeX swallows the space afterward (eg, `\sys`
expands to "Linux" and `\sys is cool` renders as "Linuxis cool"). You can fix
this by writing `\sys{}`, or with `\usepackage{xspace}` and then
`\newcommand{\sys}{Linux\xspace}`.

The following macro will take arguments with LaTeX special characters, and
renders them in a monospace font:
`\newcommand{\cc}[1]{\mbox{\smaller[0.5]\texttt{\detokenize{#1}}}}`. Useful for
small code snippets or referencing identifiers.

You can customize the hyphenation options LaTeX considers for a word with
`\hyphenation`.

BibTeX has its own ideas of how to capitalize titles, depending on the style in
use. This goes horribly wrong for abbreviations and proper names in titles. The
way to fix it is to use `{JavaScript}` in your bibtex file, which will preserve
its case. If you've ever seen something like "javascript" or an all-caps
abbreviation like "nfs" or "usa" in a bibliography, it's because they made this
mistake.

Commit message:

mathit trick: Add note for different math font

README.md, after:

# Assorted LaTeX quirks and workarounds

`\inferH` (an Iris wrapper around lkproof's `infer`) needs some tricks to
support newlines. You can either use `\\\\` for a plain line break
(center-aligned), or use `\begin{aligned} ...` by wrapping the entire body in
an extra pair of curly braces.

If you have a binary operator at the end of a line (say in a big equation in an
`aligned` environment), you need to write something like `x + {} \\` so
that LaTeX inserts binary operator spacing between the `x` and the `+`.
The same goes for operators next to `&` alignment specifiers, e.g.
`x ={}& 5`.

(iris.sty-specific) References to `\inferH` will be broken if the `\inferH` is
in a `\[ \]`. Switch to `\begin{mathpar}` to fix this.

In an `align*` environment, a final newline will actually add extra whitespace
after the equation.

In a math environment, `name` will be interpreted as `n a m e`, i.e., 4
variables "multiplied" with each other. If you want this to render as a single
word, use `\mathit{name}`. You can also use `\operatorname{name}` or
`\DeclareMathOperator` (and wrap them in a command to make this more convenient
to write and read).
(See [here](https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/691628/eulervm-spacing-in-math-mode)
for what to do if you changed your match font.)

When writing a paper (not sure exactly which style sets this up), there's an
`\author` macro where names are separated by `\and`. If you want an explicit
line break in that list, use the following macro:

```tex
\def\andnewline{\end{tabular} \\ \begin{tabular}[t]{c}}
```

(this works because each author is actually its own `\tabular` environment;
`\and` just ends the previous environment and starts a new one)

When a macro expands to a word, LaTeX swallows the space afterward (eg, `\sys`
expands to "Linux" and `\sys is cool` renders as "Linuxis cool"). You can fix
this by writing `\sys{}`, or with `\usepackage{xspace}` and then
`\newcommand{\sys}{Linux\xspace}`.

The following macro will take arguments with LaTeX special characters, and
renders them in a monospace font:
`\newcommand{\cc}[1]{\mbox{\smaller[0.5]\texttt{\detokenize{#1}}}}`. Useful for
small code snippets or referencing identifiers.

You can customize the hyphenation options LaTeX considers for a word with
`\hyphenation`.

BibTeX has its own ideas of how to capitalize titles, depending on the style in
use. This goes horribly wrong for abbreviations and proper names in titles. The
way to fix it is to use `{JavaScript}` in your bibtex file, which will preserve
its case. If you've ever seen something like "javascript" or an all-caps
abbreviation like "nfs" or "usa" in a bibliography, it's because they made this
mistake.
